Add tutorial for python GUI (#488)
nvidia-holoscan/holohub: tutorials/gui_for_python_apps/README.md

# GUI for Holoscan Python Applications

> When developing Holoscan applications you may find it useful to add a GUI to your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing Holoscan applications you may find it useful to add a graphical user interface (GUI) to your application.
```

> A GUI can help make an application more user friendly and allow you and your users a way to modify an application's behavior during runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A GUI usually helps make an application more user friendly and allows to modify an application's behavior during runtime.
```

> In this tutorial, we look at how GUI controls were added to the [Florence 2](https://github.com/nvidia-holoscan/holohub/tree/main/applications/florence-2-vision) python application using PySide6 to allow the user to change the vision task performed by the application.

Reviewer: Can we put a link to PySide6?

- <b>GUI Code</b> that uses PySide6 to add UI controls

### Dockerfile

A Dockerfile is used for Holohub applications that require the installation of additional dependencies. For GUI dependencies, 
this application's [Dockerfile](https://github.com/nvidia-holoscan/holohub/blob/main/applications/florence-2-vision/Dockerfile) installs:

* `qt6-base-dev` for the Qt6 framework 
* `PySide6` for the python library bindings to Qt6 (see [requirements.txt](https://github.com/nvidia-holoscan/holohub/blob/main/applications/florence-2-vision/requirements.txt))

### Application Code

The Florence 2 application code is contained in the following files:

* `florence2_app.py`: Contains the main application code
* `florence2_op.py`: Contains the florence 2 model inference code
* `florence2_postprocessor_op.py`: Contains the post-processing code to send overlays such as bounding boxes or labels to Holoviz
* `config.yaml`: Contains the default application parameters

Note that the Florence 2 application is independent of the GUI code and can be run with `python application/florence-2-vision/florence2_app.py` within the 

> Florence 2 docker container.  The only logic that has been added to the application code for the purposes of the GUI is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Florence-2 docker container.  The only logic that has been added to the application code for the purposes of the GUI is
```
